feat(curriculum): add equation solver project to SCWP (#55011)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-interfaces-by-building-an-equation-solver/664eef158d792a509e8d708a.md

---
id: 664eef158d792a509e8d708a
title: Step 37
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-37
---

# --description--

The `sub` function from the `re` module enables you to replace text inside a string based on a regex pattern.

```py
spam = 'Always look on the bright side of life'
ham = re.sub('bright', 'light', spam)
ham == 'Always look on the light side of life' # True
```

It takes three arguments: the regex pattern to match, the replacement, and the string on which you want to perform the replacement.

> From your `__str__` function, return a `sub()` call passing the string `'1'`, an empty string, and your existing `equation_string.strip('+')` call as the arguments. This will replace each `1` with an empty string. Don't worry, as you'll refine the regex pattern in the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From your `__str__` function, return a `sub()` call passing the string `'1'`, an empty string, and your existing `equation_string.strip('+')` call as the arguments. This will replace each `1` with an empty string. The result is not refined yet and you'll continue to work on the regex pattern in the next steps.
```
